windows-build-tools (#573)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/desktop/developer-setup.md

- Node.js 8 or later
- NPM
- Git

> - Windows Build Tools or Visual Studio Community edition (see Known Problems section)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Windows Build Tools or Visual Studio Community edition (see Known Problems section).
```
Is the "Known Problems" section in this document? And is it a new section?

Author: yes, it is on line 45

> - Recomended: [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) which we will use to install other deps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recommended: [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) which we will use to install other deps.
```

##### pngquant-bin

On Windows there is no default `libpng-dev` available. There are two options for getting it to build:

> - Install windows build toosl: `npm install windows-build-tools`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install Windows build tools: `npm install windows-build-tools`
```

- Install Visual Studio Community

> Both of which provides the dependencies required to build the package. After one of the two options are installed, install manually: `npm install libpng-dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either option provides the dependencies required to build the package. After one of the two options are installed, install `npm install libpng-dev` manually. 
```
